docs: add release notes for apps v0.42.2 (#1063)
elastisys/welkin: docs/release-notes/welkin.md

-->
<!-- vale off -->

## v0.42.2

Released 2025-03-12

!!! warning "Application Developer Notice(s)"

    - RBAC to modify the configmaps `fluentd-extra-config` and `fluentd-extra-plugins`, and to delete any fluentd pod in the `fluentd` namespace has been removed.<br>Reach out to a Platform Administrator if any additional config or plugins are needed!

### Deprecation(s)

> - Remove rbac for additional Fluentd config and plugins configmaps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove permissions for application developers to modify the additional Fluentd ConfigMaps
```
